chore(docs): Added foundations ReadMe (#29285)
ionic-team/ionic-framework: core/src/foundations/README.md

# Ionic Design Tokens

## What are Design Tokens?

> Design Tokens are an abstract and universal language to store Design System values, creating a single source of truth that is tech-agnostic and easily scalable and extendable to any any kind of desired output (CSS, SCSS, iOS, Android, JSON, etc). Are usually stored as JSON format, which makes them easily scalable to use with any kind of language or Design Tool (like Figma, Sketch, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design Tokens are an abstract and universal language to store Design System values, creating a single source of truth that is tech-agnostic and easily scalable and extendable for various outputs such as CSS, SCSS, iOS, Android, JSON, and more. Typically stored in JSON format, they facilitate seamless scalability for integration with any language or Design Tool like Figma or Sketch.
```
This one didn't get committed properly because it clashed with the other request change.

CSS Custom Property:

```css
--ionic-color-primary-10
```

SCSS Variable:

```scss
$ionic-color-primary-10
```

Utility-class:

```css
.ionic-color-primary-10
```

## When to change the Design Tokens

It's not expected that the `design-tokens.json` needs to be changed frequently. This represents the base of all the Ionic Design System and any change to the json file should be taken carefully, synced with the UX/UI Team and reviewed by other devs.

Adding new tokens is more or less risk free. However, changing values will result in visual breaking-changes and renaming tokens might cause the build to be broken.

## How to change the Design Tokens

Design Tokens are generated automatically on the `npm run build` command. This is to guarantee that someone would change the json and not running the expected command.

That being said, using `npm run build.tokens` will trigger the same effect, to generate again the `ionic.root.scss`, `ionic.vars.scss`, `ionic.utility.scss` files with the updated values that come from the `design-tokens.json`.

## How to use

It's very important to highlight that only the Ionic Theme supports these tokens and they should not be used for md/ios themes.

> On the components scope, variables from thse global tokens should always be used. There should be no hardcoded values on component scope that relate to any of the existing tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the component scope, variables from these global tokens should always be used. There should be no hardcoded values on component scope that relate to any of the existing tokens.
```
